The Statement for SkyWalking users on HashiCorp license changes (#631)
apache/skywalking-website: content/blog/2023-08-13-hashicorp-bsl/index.md

They officially annouced they have changed the license for the **ALL** of their open-source products from the previous MPL 2.0 to a source-available license, BSL 1.1. 
Meanwhile, HashiCorp APIs, SDKs, and almost all other libraries will remain MPL 2.0.

HashiCorp Inc. is one of the most important vendors in the cloud-native landscape, as well as Golang ecosystem. This kind of changes would have potential implications for 
SkyWalking, which is closely integrated with cloud-native technology stacks. 

# Conclusion First
- **What does that mean for SkyWalking users?**

SkyWalking community has evaluated our dependencies from HashiCorp products and libraries, the current conclusion is

**SkyWalking users would NOT suffer any implication. All components of SkyWalking don't have hard-dependency on BSL license affected codes.**

SkyWalking community have found out all following dependencies of all relative repositories, all licenses are TRUELY stayed unchanged, and compatible with Apache 2.0 License.

- [x] OAP Server @kezhenxu94 @wu-sheng 

>   - consul-client Apache 2.0 Repo archived on Jul 27, 2023

Reviewer: This is actually a third party lib, not from HashiCorp

Author: Yes, it is. But HashiCorp owns the APIs.

	- hashicorp/go-multierror MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-retryablehttp MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-rootcerts MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-sockaddr MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-syslog MIT
	- hashicorp/go-uuid MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/golang-lru MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/hcl MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/logutils MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/mdns MIT
	- hashicorp/memberlist MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/serf MPL-2.0
- [x] SkyWalking satellite @mrproliu 
	- hashicorp/consul/api MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/consul/sdk MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/errwrap MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-cleanhttp MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-immutable-radix MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-msgpack MIT
	- hashicorp/go-multierror MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-rootcerts MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-sockaddr MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go-syslog MIT
	- hashicorp/go-uuid MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/go.net BSD-3-Clause
	- hashicorp/golang-lru MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/hcl MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/logutils MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/mdns MIT
	- hashicorp/memberlist MPL-2.0
	- hashicorp/serf MPL-2.0
- [x] SkyWalking Terraform (scripts) @kezhenxu94 
   - **No HashiCorp Dependency**
   - The scripts for Terraform users only. No hard requirement.

_The GitHub ID is listed about the PMC members did the evaluations._

## FAQ

> ### If I am using Consule to manage SkyWalking Cluster, does this license change bring an implication?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If I am using Consul to manage SkyWalking Cluster or configurations, does this license change bring an implication?
```
